Well, this is…
I mean,
what happened is that…
-Mr. Kim.
-Yes, ma'am?
Thank you for everything.
Pardon? I don't understand what you mean.
I'll hire your successor in a few days,
so make sure to train him well.
Ma'am, I'm so sorry.
I was so thoughtless.
-Forgive me this once.
-Follow me with it.
Oh, no.
Ma'am. Ms. Pi?
I'm so sorry. Please forgive me this once.
My goodness.
The guy they hid
isn't a spy but a student protester.
But everyone from the ANSP
says he's a spy from the North.
Fine. Let's say he is.
You think providing a roof and food
qualifies as harboring?
If the court doesn't decide it's
harboring a spy, you won't get the reward.
I'm not doing this for money.
You must report anyone harboring a spy.
That's our duty.
Duty? So what if you do?
You think they won't question you?
They don't hesitate to make
someone innocent a spy to produce results.
Don't you think you're such easy prey?
I mean,
you're a communist's sister.
I am not.
My sister is not a Northern spy!
Because of her, a perfectly fine family
was ruined. You want to see that again?
50 million won?
You'll be lucky if you're not tortured
or don't go to jail!
Don't do anything stupid, and stay quiet.
Did you forget
even factories won't hire you?
If it weren't for my old teacher,
I'd have never hired you.
If you understood,
tell everyone in room 207
to come to my office.
Did you hide him on the fourth floor?
It's all my fault.
I begged them to hide him.
Seol-hui and the rest
didn't do anything wrong.
Jeong-min, you should've stopped it.
He was a protester
being chased by the cops.
I couldn't ignore him.
What if he's not a protester but a spy?
No, he isn't. He can't be a spy.
-I met him on a blind date--
-They came to catch a spy here.
They can easily make you guys spies.
No, they can easily make
everyone in this dorm
spies from the North.
Room 207.
You know one more mistake meant
getting kicked out, right?
I'm so sorry, ma'am.
They all told me we should call the cops,
but I insisted
on hiding him just for one night.
And they didn't know
I hid him on the fourth floor.
Please let me be punished.
Please let me be solely responsible!
Fine, if you say so.
You pack up and leave the dorm tomorrow,
Eun Yeong-ro.